Refactor trimming docs for clarity (#49698)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trimming/trimming-concepts.md

## Understanding DynamicallyAccessedMembers

<xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute> solves the reflection problem by creating an explicit contract between the caller and the called method.

### The fundamental purpose

`DynamicallyAccessedMembers` tells the trimmer: "This parameter (or field, or return value) will hold a `Type` that needs specific members preserved because reflection will be used to access them."

### A concrete example

Let's fix the previous example:

```csharp
void PrintMethodNames(
    [DynamicallyAccessedMembers(DynamicallyAccessedMemberTypes.PublicMethods)] Type type)
{
    foreach (var method in type.GetMethods())
    {
        Console.WriteLine(method.Name);
    }
}

// When this is called...
PrintMethodNames(typeof(DateTime));
```

Now the trimmer understands:
1. `PrintMethodNames` requires its parameter to have `PublicMethods` preserved
2. The call site passes `typeof(DateTime)`
3. Therefore, `DateTime`'s public methods must be kept

The attribute creates a **requirement** that flows backward from the reflection usage to the source of the `Type` value.

### It's a contract, not a hint

> This is crucial to understand: `DynamicallyAccessedMembers` isn't just documentation. The trimmer enforces this contract:

Reviewer: @copilot Maybe we should an analogy with generic type constraints. They have basically the same rules as DAMT

object obj = GetSomeObject();
obj.GetType().GetProperties();  // What type will obj be at runtime?

Assembly asm = Assembly.LoadFrom(pluginPath);  // What's in this assembly?
```

In these examples, the trimmer has no way to know:

- Which type the user will enter
- What type `GetSomeObject()` returns
- What code exists in the dynamically loaded assembly

This is the fundamental problem that trim warnings address.

## The reflection problem

Reflection allows code to inspect and invoke types and members dynamically at runtime. This is powerful but creates a challenge for static analysis.

### Why reflection breaks trimming

Consider this example:

```csharp
void PrintMethodNames(Type type)
{
    foreach (var method in type.GetMethods())
    {
        Console.WriteLine(method.Name);
    }
}

// Called somewhere in the app
PrintMethodNames(typeof(DateTime));
```

From the trimmer's perspective:

1. It sees `type.GetMethods()` is called
2. It doesn't know what `type` will be (it's a parameter)
3. It can't determine which types' methods need to be preserved
4. Without guidance, it might remove methods from `DateTime`, breaking the code

> This is why the trimmer produces a warning on this code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It sees `type.GetMethods()` is called.
- It doesn't know what `type` will be (it's a parameter).
- It can't determine which types' methods need to be preserved.
- Without guidance, it might remove methods from `DateTime`, breaking the code.

Consequently, the trimmer produces a warning on this code.
```

## Understanding DynamicallyAccessedMembers

<xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute> solves the reflection problem by creating an explicit contract between the caller and the called method.

### The fundamental purpose

`DynamicallyAccessedMembers` tells the trimmer: "This parameter (or field, or return value) will hold a `Type` that needs specific members preserved because reflection will be used to access them."

### A concrete example

Let's fix the previous example:

```csharp
void PrintMethodNames(
    [DynamicallyAccessedMembers(DynamicallyAccessedMemberTypes.PublicMethods)] Type type)
{
    foreach (var method in type.GetMethods())
    {
        Console.WriteLine(method.Name);
    }
}

// When this is called...
PrintMethodNames(typeof(DateTime));
```

Now the trimmer understands:

1. `PrintMethodNames` requires its parameter to have `PublicMethods` preserved
2. The call site passes `typeof(DateTime)`

> 3. Therefore, `DateTime`'s public methods must be kept

Reviewer: I like the ordered list here because the chain of logical implication is ordered as well

## Understanding RequiresUnreferencedCode

Some code patterns simply cannot be made statically analyzable. For these cases, use <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.RequiresUnreferencedCodeAttribute>.

### When to use RequiresUnreferencedCode

Use this attribute when:

1. **The reflection pattern is fundamentally dynamic**: Loading assemblies or types by string names from external sources
2. **The complexity is too high to annotate**: Code that uses reflection in complex, data-driven ways
3. **You're using runtime code generation**: Technologies like <xref:System.Reflection.Emit> or the `dynamic` keyword

Example:

```csharp
[RequiresUnreferencedCode("Plugin loading is not compatible with trimming")]
void LoadPlugin(string pluginPath)
{
    Assembly pluginAssembly = Assembly.LoadFrom(pluginPath);
    // Plugin assemblies aren't known at publish time
    // This fundamentally cannot be made trim-compatible
}
```

### The purpose of the attribute

`RequiresUnreferencedCode` serves two purposes:

1. **Suppresses warnings inside the method**: The trimmer won't analyze or warn about the reflection usage

> 2. **Creates warnings at call sites**: Any code calling this method gets a warning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Suppresses warnings inside the method**: The trimmer won't analyze or warn about the reflection usage.
2. **Creates warnings at call sites**: Any code calling this method gets a warning.
```
